Pass through subscription options to google cloud client (#21)
axelspringer/graphql-google-pubsub: README.md

```

### Options

> This are the [options](https://googleapis.dev/nodejs/pubsub/1.1.5/global.html#ClientConfig) which are passed to the internal Google PubSub client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the [options](https://googleapis.dev/nodejs/pubsub/1.1.5/global.html#ClientConfig) which are passed to the internal or passed Google PubSub client.
```
